title : Slicker

author : David Trinidad

text : 
came in a pink, 
orange and white 
striped metal tube, 
with a black curlicue 
border and a splayed 
gold base.   It came 
in any number of 
mod shades: Nippy 
Beige, Chelsea Pink, 
Poppycock, Hot Nec- 
taringo, Pinkadilly, 
Dicey Peach.   There 
were several tubes in 
my mother’s makeup 
drawer in the bath- 
room five out of six 
of us used (my father 
had his own bathroom, 
as forbidden as the 
walk-in closet where 
his Playboys were 
hidden under a stack 
of sweaters on the top 
shelf).   All the girls 
at school had Slicker 
in their purses; I 
watched them apply 
The London Look 
at the beginning and 
end of each class.   I 
marveled at what else 
spilled out: compact, 
mascara brush, eye 
shadow, wallet, troll 
doll, dyed rabbit’s 
foot, chewing gum, 
tampon, pink plastic 
comb.   At home I 
stared at myself in 
the medicine cabinet 
mirror and, as my 
brother pounded 
on the locked bath- 
room door, twisted 
a tube and rubbed, 
ever so slightly, 
Slicker on my lips.




subjects : Coming of Age, Relationships, Men & Women, Home Life, Activities, Indoor Activities